Enable Gemini-3.5-flash cua (#2273)
browserbase/stagehand: .changeset/gemini-3-5-flash-cua.md

---

> "@browserbasehq/stagehand": minor

Author: ### ### 
```suggestion
"@browserbasehq/stagehand": patch
```

---

> Add support for the `google/gemini-3.5-flash` computer-use agent model. The Google CUA client now maps Gemini 3.x predefined function names onto the canonical 2.5 handlers, tolerates the 3.x argument shapes (coordinate-less type, keys arrays, scroll magnitude, drag start/end pairs), treats take_screenshot as a no-op, and always returns a screenshot observation even on a turn with no executable actions.

Reviewer: @miguelg719 nit: can you tighten this up a bit? a little too implementation specific

> Add support for the `google/gemini-3.5-flash` computer-use agent model. The Google CUA client now maps Gemini 3.x predefined function names onto the canonical 2.5 handlers, tolerates the 3.x argument shapes (coordinate-less type, keys arrays, scroll magnitude, drag start/end pairs), treats take_screenshot as a no-op, and always returns a screenshot observation even on a turn with no executable actions.

Author: ```suggestion
Add support for the new`google/gemini-3.5-flash` computer-use tools model
```
